=pod

=head1 NAME

Parse::Selenese - Parser for Selenese

=head1 VERSION

version 0.2.2

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Parse::Selenese;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

WWW::Selenium::Selenese is

=head2 Functions

=over

=item C<Parse::Selenese::parse($file_name|$content|%args)>

Return a Parse::Selenese::TestCase, Parse::Selenese::TestSuite or undef if
unable to parse the file name or content.

=back

=head1 NAME

Parse::Selenese -

=head1 AUTHOR

Theodore Robert Campbell Jr.  E<lt>trcjr@cpan.orgE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests by email to C<bug-parse-selenese at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Parse-Selenese>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/trcjr/Parse-Selenese>

  git clone https://github.com/trcjr/Parse-Selenese.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Theodore Robert Campbell Jr <trcjr@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2011 by Theodore Robert Campbell Jr.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

